>>> THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS
>>> THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS NOW PUBLICLY CONFIRMED THAT BOB
NOW PUBLICLY CONFIRMED THAT BOB MUELLER’S PROBE WILL STRETCH
MUELLER’S PROBE WILL STRETCH PAST THIS WEEK AT A MINIMUM,
PAST THIS WEEK AT A MINIMUM, TONIGHT DONALD TRUMP IS ALREADY
TONIGHT DONALD TRUMP IS ALREADY ASKING HIS OWN LAWYERS TO STAY
ASKING HIS OWN LAWYERS TO STAY ON FOR MONTHS OR FOR YEARS, WELL
ON FOR MONTHS OR FOR YEARS, WELL BEYOND THE EXPECTED END OF THE
BEYOND THE EXPECTED END OF THE MUELLER PROBE.
MUELLER PROBE. AND WHY?
AND WHY? THIS IS WHY, TO BRACE FOR A,
THIS IS WHY, TO BRACE FOR A, QUOTE, LEGAL HELL SCAPE FROM
QUOTE, LEGAL HELL SCAPE FROM OPEN PROBES IN THE SOUTHERN
OPEN PROBES IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, THE FAMOUS
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, THE FAMOUS OFFICE THAT WAS ONCE LED BY
OFFICE THAT WAS ONCE LED BY TRUMP LAWYER RUDY GIULIANI.
TRUMP LAWYER RUDY GIULIANI. NOW MUELLER PASSED THE COHEN
NOW MUELLER PASSED THE COHEN CASE TO THE INDEPENDENT
CASE TO THE INDEPENDENT PROSECUTORS WHO TRUMP ALLY CHRIS
PROSECUTORS WHO TRUMP ALLY CHRIS CHRISTIE SAYS POSE SPECIAL
CHRISTIE SAYS POSE SPECIAL PERIL.
PERIL. >> THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
>> THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK INVESTIGATION IS
YORK INVESTIGATION IS MONUMENTALLY MORE PERILOUS TO
MONUMENTALLY MORE PERILOUS TO THE PRESIDENT THAN BOB MUELLER
THE PRESIDENT THAN BOB MUELLER EVER WAS OR EVER WILL BE.
EVER WAS OR EVER WILL BE. THEY HAVE TWO TEAR GUIDES AND NO
THEY HAVE TWO TEAR GUIDES AND NO RESTRICTION ON WHERE THEY CAN
RESTRICTION ON WHERE THEY CAN GO.
GO. >> TODAY DONALD TRUMP JR.
>> TODAY DONALD TRUMP JR. CLAIMING THOSE SAME PROSECUTORS
CLAIMING THOSE SAME PROSECUTORS ARE ACTUALLY REACHING PAST REAL
ARE ACTUALLY REACHING PAST REAL CRIMES TO FIXATE ON JUST TRYING
CRIMES TO FIXATE ON JUST TRYING TO GET TRUMP.
TO GET TRUMP. >> IS CHRIS CHRISTIE WRONG THAT
>> IS CHRIS CHRISTIE WRONG THAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT --
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT -- >> BY THE I WELCOME BACK, I’M
>> BY THE I WELCOME BACK, I’M NOT SAYING THEY’RE NOT GOING TO
NOT SAYING THEY’RE NOT GOING TO TRY.
TRY. LISTEN, THEIR DREAM IN LIFE, AS
LISTEN, THEIR DREAM IN LIFE, AS POLITICAL AS IT GETS, THEIR
POLITICAL AS IT GETS, THEIR DREAM IN LIFE IS TO TRY TO FIND
DREAM IN LIFE IS TO TRY TO FIND SOMETHING TO GET TRUMP.
SOMETHING TO GET TRUMP. THAT OLD STALINIST TACTIC.
THAT OLD STALINIST TACTIC. SHOW ME THE MAN, I’LL SHOW YOU
SHOW ME THE MAN, I’LL SHOW YOU THE CRIME.
THE CRIME. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. BUT MICHAEL COHEN HIMSELF
BUT MICHAEL COHEN HIMSELF ADMITTED TO CAMPAIGN-RELATED
ADMITTED TO CAMPAIGN-RELATED CRIMES THAT WERE SUPPOSED TO
CRIMES THAT WERE SUPPOSED TO HELP DONALD TRUMP.
HELP DONALD TRUMP. YOU DON’T NEED STALINISTIC
YOU DON’T NEED STALINISTIC TACTICS TO NOTICE THAT THE
TACTICS TO NOTICE THAT THE RELATED PROBE INVOLVING THE
RELATED PROBE INVOLVING THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" COMPANY NOW
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER" COMPANY NOW FEATURES PUBLIC ALLEGATIONS OF
FEATURES PUBLIC ALLEGATIONS OF OTHER REAL CRIMES LIKE ALLEGED
OTHER REAL CRIMES LIKE ALLEGED BLACKMAIL AND EXTORTION.
BLACKMAIL AND EXTORTION. TRUMP HAS BEEN CONCERNED ABOUT
TRUMP HAS BEEN CONCERNED ABOUT ALL OF THIS TO PRESSURE THE DOJ
ALL OF THIS TO PRESSURE THE DOJ TO INSTALL A LOYALIST TO TAKE
TO INSTALL A LOYALIST TO TAKE OVER THE CASE IN NEW YORK WHICH
OVER THE CASE IN NEW YORK WHICH WAS REPORTED BY "THE NEW YORK
WAS REPORTED BY "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IN AN EFFORT TO SIDELINE
TIMES" IN AN EFFORT TO SIDELINE THE ACTING PROSECUTOR IN CHARGE,
THE ACTING PROSECUTOR IN CHARGE, A MAN WHOSE NOT REALLY
A MAN WHOSE NOT REALLY NATIONALLY FAMOUS, BUT WHOSE
NATIONALLY FAMOUS, BUT WHOSE WORK ALREADY GOT TRUMP’S
WORK ALREADY GOT TRUMP’S ATTENTION.
ATTENTION. HIS NAME IS ROBERT KHUZAMI.
HIS NAME IS ROBERT KHUZAMI. AND HE HAS ALLEGED TERROR PLOTS,
AND HE HAS ALLEGED TERROR PLOTS, INSIDER TRADING AND BANKING AND
INSIDER TRADING AND BANKING AND MOST RECENTLY HE WAS THE FACING
MOST RECENTLY HE WAS THE FACING OUT THE, YES, WHEN YOU THINK OF
OUT THE, YES, WHEN YOU THINK OF THIS WEEK’S NEWS, HE WAS TOUTING
THIS WEEK’S NEWS, HE WAS TOUTING THE FLIPPING OF MICHAEL COHEN.
THE FLIPPING OF MICHAEL COHEN. >> I CAME INTO THE ENFORCEMENT
>> I CAME INTO THE ENFORCEMENT DIVISION, BROUGHT A RECORD
DIVISION, BROUGHT A RECORD NUMBER OF CASES ARISING OUT OF
NUMBER OF CASES ARISING OUT OF THE FINANCIAL CRISIS.
THE FINANCIAL CRISIS. I THINK 60 OR 70 CEOs, CFOs AND
I THINK 60 OR 70 CEOs, CFOs AND HIGH-RANKING CORPORATE OFFICERS.
HIGH-RANKING CORPORATE OFFICERS. >> THE PATRIOT ACT HAS HELPED
>> THE PATRIOT ACT HAS HELPED OUR HOMELAND SECURITY TEAM
OUR HOMELAND SECURITY TEAM DISMANTLE TERROR CELLS FROM NEW
DISMANTLE TERROR CELLS FROM NEW YORK TO OREGON.
YORK TO OREGON. >> TODAY, AS YOU HEARD, MICHAEL
>> TODAY, AS YOU HEARD, MICHAEL COHEN PLEAD GUILTY TO EIGHT
COHEN PLEAD GUILTY TO EIGHT FELONY CHARGES.
FELONY CHARGES. FOR THAT HE IS GOING TO PAY A
FOR THAT HE IS GOING TO PAY A VERY, VERY SERIOUS PRICE.
VERY, VERY SERIOUS PRICE. >> I’M JOINED NOW BY ALI MYSTAL,
>> I’M JOINED NOW BY ALI MYSTAL, EDITOR OF ABOVE THE LAW AND
EDITOR OF ABOVE THE LAW AND HOSTS THE PODCAST THINKING LIKE
HOSTS THE PODCAST THINKING LIKE A LAWYER AND WRITTEN FOR "THE
A LAWYER AND WRITTEN FOR "THE NEW YORK TIMES" AND DAILY NEWS
NEW YORK TIMES" AND DAILY NEWS AND KNOWS ALL ABOUT HE’S NEW
AND KNOWS ALL ABOUT HE’S NEW YORK LEGAL ISSUES.
YORK LEGAL ISSUES. AND THEN BACK WITH US OUR EXPERT
AND THEN BACK WITH US OUR EXPERT FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR JOYCE
FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR JOYCE VANCE.
VANCE. THANKS TO BOAT OF YOU FOR BEING
THANKS TO BOAT OF YOU FOR BEING HERE.
HERE. ELI
ELI ELI, HOW IMPORTANT IS THIS CASE
ELI, HOW IMPORTANT IS THIS CASE THAT MANY VIEWERS MAY NOT KNOW
THAT MANY VIEWERS MAY NOT KNOW BY NAME BECAUSE HE HASN’TERIES
BY NAME BECAUSE HE HASN’TERIES TONY THAT LEVEL YET, BUT HE
TONY THAT LEVEL YET, BUT HE COULD.
COULD. KHUZAMI SHIRKS NOT A POLITICAL
KHUZAMI SHIRKS NOT A POLITICAL APPOINTEE.
APPOINTEE. SEE A CAREER PROSECUTOR.
SEE A CAREER PROSECUTOR. HE IS A MAN WITH THE
HE IS A MAN WITH THE INSTITUTIONAL COMPETENCE TO SEE
INSTITUTIONAL COMPETENCE TO SEE THIS THROUGH LONG AFTER THE
THIS THROUGH LONG AFTER THE MUELLER PROBE GOES AWAY.
MUELLER PROBE GOES AWAY. LOOK, SDNY IS THE BEAR, AND THE
LOOK, SDNY IS THE BEAR, AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS LIKE
TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS LIKE LEONARDO DiCAPRIO.
LEONARDO DiCAPRIO. AND THIS TIME WE’RE NOT SURE THE
AND THIS TIME WE’RE NOT SURE THE BEAR GOING TO LET HIM GO.
BEAR GOING TO LET HIM GO. THERE IS SIGNIFICANT JEOPARDY UP
THERE IS SIGNIFICANT JEOPARDY UP AND DOWN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
AND DOWN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION FROM THESE PEOPLE WHO, AGAIN,
FROM THESE PEOPLE WHO, AGAIN, HAVE -- THEY SPEND THEIR CAREERS
HAVE -- THEY SPEND THEIR CAREERS SUSSING OUT AND FIGHTING
SUSSING OUT AND FIGHTING FINANCIAL CRIMES.
FINANCIAL CRIMES. THIS IS CHRIS CHRISTIE, I CAN’T
THIS IS CHRIS CHRISTIE, I CAN’T BELIEVE I’M AGREEING WITH HIM,
BELIEVE I’M AGREEING WITH HIM, THIS IS WHAT HE WAS TRYING THE
THIS IS WHAT HE WAS TRYING THE SAFE.
SAFE. WHILE MUELLER HAS A VERY LIMITED
WHILE MUELLER HAS A VERY LIMITED SCOPE, RIGHT?
SCOPE, RIGHT? SDNY INVESTIGATES CRIME.
SDNY INVESTIGATES CRIME. >> WHATEVER THEY FIND IN NEW
>> WHATEVER THEY FIND IN NEW YORK.
YORK. YOU’RE SAYING IN THIS THEATRICAL
YOU’RE SAYING IN THIS THEATRICAL ANALOGY, KHUZAMI IS THE BEAR,
ANALOGY, KHUZAMI IS THE BEAR, THE PROSECUTOR?
THE PROSECUTOR? >> YES.
>> YES. HIS OFFICE IS THE BEAR.
HIS OFFICE IS THE BEAR. >> AND DONALD TRUMP IS LEO?
>> AND DONALD TRUMP IS LEO? >> AT BEST.
>> AT BEST. HE BETTER HOPE HE IS LEO.
HE BETTER HOPE HE IS LEO. HE BETTER HOPE HE HAS THE
HE BETTER HOPE HE HAS THE WILINESS.
WILINESS. >> LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
>> LET ME ASK YOU THIS. IF HE IS LEO, WHAT ABOUT "CATCH
IF HE IS LEO, WHAT ABOUT "CATCH ME IF YOU CAN?"
ME IF YOU CAN?" IS HE MAYBE A CON MAN IN CATCH
IS HE MAYBE A CON MAN IN CATCH ME IF YOU CAN?
ME IF YOU CAN? >> KHUZAMI IS TOM HANKS.
>> KHUZAMI IS TOM HANKS. AND DON JR., HIS STUFF.
AND DON JR., HIS STUFF. DON JR. IS THE GUY WHO WANDERS
DON JR. IS THE GUY WHO WANDERS INTO THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE AND
INTO THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE AND ASKS WHAT’S GOING ON.
ASKS WHAT’S GOING ON. HE IS COMPLETELY OUT OF HIS
HE IS COMPLETELY OUT OF HIS ELEMENT, AND HE HAS NO IDEA.
ELEMENT, AND HE HAS NO IDEA. I’M TRYING TO BE FUNNY BECAUSE
I’M TRYING TO BE FUNNY BECAUSE IT’S SO MADDENING WHAT’S GOING
IT’S SO MADDENING WHAT’S GOING ON.
ON. BUT DON JR. HAS ABSOLUTELY NO
BUT DON JR. HAS ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA THAT HE IS THE WEAKEST
IDEA THAT HE IS THE WEAKEST LINK.
LINK. IT’S DON JR. AND ERIC AND IVANKA
IT’S DON JR. AND ERIC AND IVANKA WHO TO MY MIND ARE GOING TO BE
WHO TO MY MIND ARE GOING TO BE THE FIRST, THE FIRST PEOPLE OVER
THE FIRST, THE FIRST PEOPLE OVER THE FALLS IN TERMS OF WHAT SDNY
THE FALLS IN TERMS OF WHAT SDNY IS INVESTIGATING AND WHAT HAVE
IS INVESTIGATING AND WHAT HAVE YOU THAT.
YOU THAT. >> GOES TO THE OVERLAP WITH
>> GOES TO THE OVERLAP WITH MUELLER AND THEN I’M GOING BRING
MUELLER AND THEN I’M GOING BRING JOYCE IN ON THIS.
JOYCE IN ON THIS. YOU LOOK AT DON JR. AND THE
YOU LOOK AT DON JR. AND THE REPORTS HE HASN’T TALKED TO
REPORTS HE HASN’T TALKED TO MUELLER YET.
MUELLER YET. WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU?
WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU? >> THAT TELLS ME HE IS A TARGET.
>> THAT TELLS ME HE IS A TARGET. YOU DON’T INTERVIEW -- AND JOYCE
YOU DON’T INTERVIEW -- AND JOYCE CAN SPEAK TO THIS AS WELL.
CAN SPEAK TO THIS AS WELL. THEY DON’T INTERVIEW TARGETS.
THEY DON’T INTERVIEW TARGETS. THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE NOT
THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE NOT BROUGHT THEM IN FOR QUESTIONING
BROUGHT THEM IN FOR QUESTIONING YET SUGGESTS TO ME, A, THAT
YET SUGGESTS TO ME, A, THAT THEY’RE TARGETS.
THEY’RE TARGETS. AND B, THIS IS ANOTHER THING.
AND B, THIS IS ANOTHER THING. PEOPLE ARE VERY WORRIED ABOUT
PEOPLE ARE VERY WORRIED ABOUT THIS.
THIS. I DON’T SEE HOW THE MUELLER
I DON’T SEE HOW THE MUELLER PROBE EVEN SAYS NOTHING OF SDNY
PROBE EVEN SAYS NOTHING OF SDNY ENDS UNTIL YOU TALK TO ALL OF
ENDS UNTIL YOU TALK TO ALL OF THE CHILDREN.
THE CHILDREN. BECAUSE EITHER YOU NEED AN
BECAUSE EITHER YOU NEED AN INDICTMENT OF THOSE CHILDREN OR
INDICTMENT OF THOSE CHILDREN OR YOU NEED THEM TO COME AND TELL
YOU NEED THEM TO COME AND TELL SDNY AND MULE WHATEVER THEY
SDNY AND MULE WHATEVER THEY KNOW.
KNOW. >> I WANT TO GET YOU IN A
>> I WANT TO GET YOU IN A SEGMENT SOMETIMES WITH HOWARD
SEGMENT SOMETIMES WITH HOWARD SCHULTZ.
SCHULTZ. I FEEL LIKE YOU MIGHT DRINK EVEN
I FEEL LIKE YOU MIGHT DRINK EVEN MORE COFFEE THAN HIM.
MORE COFFEE THAN HIM. THAT’S THE AMOUNT OF ENERGY I’M
THAT’S THE AMOUNT OF ENERGY I’M GETTING OFF YOU.
GETTING OFF YOU. >> I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO TALK TO
>> I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO TALK TO HOWARD SCHULTZ ONE OF THESE DAYS
HOWARD SCHULTZ ONE OF THESE DAYS ABOUT WHAT HE CAN DO WITH HIS
ABOUT WHAT HE CAN DO WITH HIS BILLIONS.
BILLIONS. >> JOYCE, LET ME PLAY FOR YOU
>> JOYCE, LET ME PLAY FOR YOU WHAT THE FORMER FEDERAL
WHAT THE FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR IN CHARGE OF THAT
PROSECUTOR IN CHARGE OF THAT OFFICE, DAVID KELLY SAID,
OFFICE, DAVID KELLY SAID, BECAUSE IN ALL THIS ATTENTION
BECAUSE IN ALL THIS ATTENTION YOU JUST HEARD TRUMP JR.
YOU JUST HEARD TRUMP JR. BAD-MOUTHING THE OFFICE.
BAD-MOUTHING THE OFFICE. THEY HAVE AT TIMES BEEN
THEY HAVE AT TIMES BEEN CRITICIZED FOR HOW AGGRESSIVE
CRITICIZED FOR HOW AGGRESSIVE THEY ARE.
THEY ARE. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT A
>> LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT A CRITICISM THAT HAS BEEN LODGED
CRITICISM THAT HAS BEEN LODGED AGAINST THE CURRENT DISTRICT,
AGAINST THE CURRENT DISTRICT, THAT THEY HAVE A NEW YORK TASTE
THAT THEY HAVE A NEW YORK TASTE FOR GOING AFTER HIGH PROFILE
FOR GOING AFTER HIGH PROFILE DEFENDANTS.
DEFENDANTS. YOUR RESPONSE.
YOUR RESPONSE. >> I DON’T BUY THAT.
>> I DON’T BUY THAT. I DON’T THINK YOU GO AFTER A
I DON’T THINK YOU GO AFTER A CASE JUST FOR THE SAKE OF IT
CASE JUST FOR THE SAKE OF IT BEING HIGH PROFILE.
BEING HIGH PROFILE. OFTEN THE CASES, IF IT’S HIGH
OFTEN THE CASES, IF IT’S HIGH PROFILE, IT’S GOOD BECAUSE IT
PROFILE, IT’S GOOD BECAUSE IT SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE PUBLIC
SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE PUBLIC THAT YOU’RE DOING, THAT THERE IS
THAT YOU’RE DOING, THAT THERE IS NO ONE ABOVE THE LAW, THAT THE
NO ONE ABOVE THE LAW, THAT THE RULE OF LAW STANDS STRONG.
RULE OF LAW STANDS STRONG. >> JOYCE, YOUR VIEW OF THIS
>> JOYCE, YOUR VIEW OF THIS PIVOTAL OFFICE AND THE NEW
PIVOTAL OFFICE AND THE NEW REPORTING THAT TRUMP WANTS TO
REPORTING THAT TRUMP WANTS TO KEEP HIS LAWYERS AROUND JUST FOR
KEEP HIS LAWYERS AROUND JUST FOR THEM.
THEM. >> SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
>> SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK HAS THE REPUTATION FOR BEING
HAS THE REPUTATION FOR BEING AGGRESSIVE.
AGGRESSIVE. THEY ALSO HAVE THE REPUTATION
THEY ALSO HAVE THE REPUTATION FOR BEING SMART AND FOR ENSURING
FOR BEING SMART AND FOR ENSURING THAT JUSTICE GETS DONE.
THAT JUSTICE GETS DONE. AND IF THEY HAVE TO PLAY A ROLE
AND IF THEY HAVE TO PLAY A ROLE IN THIS SORT OF PASSION PLAY,
IN THIS SORT OF PASSION PLAY, I’D SET THEM UP TO BE THE AVENGE
I’D SET THEM UP TO BE THE AVENGE AVENGERS.
AVENGERS. THEY’LL DO THE RIGHT THING HERE.
THEY’LL DO THE RIGHT THING HERE. I’VE NEVER KNOWN, AND SERIOUSLY,
I’VE NEVER KNOWN, AND SERIOUSLY, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK TO GO AFTER PEOPLE OUT OF A
YORK TO GO AFTER PEOPLE OUT OF A SENSE OF VENDETTA.
SENSE OF VENDETTA. WHAT THEY DO IS THEY INVESTIGATE
WHAT THEY DO IS THEY INVESTIGATE ALLEGATIONS OF CRIMINAL CONDUCT.
ALLEGATIONS OF CRIMINAL CONDUCT. THEY DO IT VERY WELL.
THEY DO IT VERY WELL. AND YOU CAN’T EXPECT THE
AND YOU CAN’T EXPECT THE DEFENDANTS WHO ARE ON THE
DEFENDANTS WHO ARE ON THE RECEIVING END OF THEIR WORK TO
RECEIVING END OF THEIR WORK TO BE LAUDER TO ABOUT THAT.
BE LAUDER TO ABOUT THAT. >> THAT’S A FAIR POINT.
>> THAT’S A FAIR POINT. >> OF COURSE THEY DRAW
>> OF COURSE THEY DRAW CRITICISM.
CRITICISM. >> DO YOU HAVE ONE MORE
>> DO YOU HAVE ONE MORE REFERENCE BEFORE WE GO?
REFERENCE BEFORE WE GO? ONE MORE CUP OF COFFEE BEFORE
ONE MORE CUP OF COFFEE BEFORE THE ROAD, IF YOU WILL, BOB
THE ROAD, IF YOU WILL, BOB DYLAN?
DYLAN? >> WELL, YOU LIKE VERSES.
>> WELL, YOU LIKE VERSES. WHAT?
WHAT? IN SHORTEN MATTERS, QUASI
IN SHORTEN MATTERS, QUASI INTERNATIONAL AND CRIMINAL, KUZ